HTML 5 is the new and currently the latest version of HTML in the world of web development, there are some
additional features that are added to HTML 5 that makes it more convient for both web developers and search
engines.

Below mentioned are the 5 features of HTML 5:

1. SEMANTIC TAGS: HTML5 introduced a new set of semantic tags that is used to create meaningful webpages.
                  Since, previously only div tag can be used as a container as we define class in that 
                  as header, footer, and nav etc. in it. But, now after HTML5 we can directly used tags
                  like <header>,<footer>,<article>,<nav> and section etc. and can add meaning to our webpages.
                  this provides better clarity of content type and helps in organization of content, that 
                  makes it easier for search engines and web crawlers to understand and interpret web page
                  structure.

2. AUDIO AND VIDEO SUPPORT: HTML5 includes inbuilt support for audio and video elements through the 
                            <audio> and <video> tags. This eliminates the need for third party plugins
                            like Adobe Flash, that's need to be done previously. And allow developers to
                            embed audio and video content directly into the web pages.

3. CANVAS AND SVG GRAPHICS: HTML5 introduced the <canvas> tag which provides the dynamic, scriptable
                            rendering of 2D shapes and bitmap images. HTML5 canvas also helps a developers
                            making 2D games.
                            Also, HTML5 has included the advanced support of SVG i.e. Scalable vector GRAPHICS
                            allowing us the access to high quality images and it completely avoided the repturing
                            of images i.e. problem with others like png and jpg formats of images.

4. LOCAL STORAGE: HTML5 introduced the 'localStorage' and 'sessionStorage' API's, which enables web applications
                  to store data locally on the user's device.This local storage capability allows for the
                  creation of offline web applications and can improve performance by reducing the need
                  of constant server requests.

5. HTML FORM ADVANCEMENTS: HTML5 introduced several form input types and attributes that improves user
                           experience and validation. New input types include 'email','url','number'
                           'date' and 'range' etc. which help browsers to provide better input validation.
                           Additionally, HTML5 also introduced 'placeholder' attribute in input fields and
                           the required 'attribute' for mandatory form fields, and the <datalist>
                           element for providing predefined options for input fields. 
              
